HTCONDOR-1152: isolate GPUs with cgroups v1 (#2142)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/admin-manual/configuration-macros.rst

    the hard limit, it will be put on hold.  When false, the job is allowed to use any
    swap space configured by the operating system.

:macro-def:`STARTER_HIDE_GPU_DEVICES[STARTER]`

>     A boolean that defaults to true.  When true, a HTCondor started as root on Linux
>     systems will use the devices cgroup prevent the job from being able to access
>     any nvidia GPUs not provisioned by the system.  The device files will still exist
>     in /dev, but any attempt to access them will fail, regardless of their unix file
>     permissions.  The nvidia-smi command will not report them as being available.
>     Setting it to false returns to the previous functionality of never hiding them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A Linux-specific boolean that defaults to true.  When true, if started as root,
    HTCondor will use the "devices" cgroup to prevent the job from accessing
    any NVidia GPUs not assigned to it by HTCondor.  The device files will still exist
    in ``/dev``, but any attempt to access them will fail, regardless of their file
    permissions.  The ``nvidia-smi`` command will not report them as being available.
    Setting this macro to false returns to the previous functionality (of allowing jobs
    to access NVidia GPUs not assigned to them).
```
